OSSM-8520 Document migration of network policies created by 2.x (#88728)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-migrating-done-network-policies.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/checklists/ossm-migrating-network-policies.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-migrating-network-policies-security_{context}"]
= Migrating network policies after migrating deployment and workloads

> If you did not recreate your network policies before you migrated your deployment and workloads, you can recreate your network policies now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you did not re-create your network policies before you migrated your deployment and workloads, you can re-create your network policies after migrating.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have migrated your deployment.
* You have migrated your workloads.

[NOTE]
====
Use a label scoped specifically to your mesh that you can reuse for discovery selectors.

> ====

Reviewer: Seems like this goes with step 3, where you update labels? Or in the intro.

.Procedure

. Recreate necessary network policies in the new {SMProduct} 3 control plane namespace.

. Recreate network policies for each namespace that was part of the {SMProduct} 2 mesh.

. Update labels.
+

> .. Update corresponding network policy selectors to match the new labels.

Author: Checked with engineering: It depends on the user and their environment.

> .. Update corresponding network policy selectors to match the new labels.

Author: May be revisited after some customers have migrated.

> .. Update corresponding network policy selectors to match the new labels.

Reviewer: Can this be collapsed into one step? Or should the `..` be bumped to `.`?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d86bad7-19b0-4538-ab69-12860c58b327)
